Haleyouth Foundation Concept Note

Introduction 
This is an initiative to promote youth empowerment and career support for education, skill acquisition 
& Leadership development which is very essential for every progressive community.  
Mission  
This initiative aims to promote the quality of life of all vulnerable people in our society through active 
engagement of youths. To become worldwide agent of community development through professional 
mentorship, leadership and skill acquisition programs for the youths, by encouraging the discovery, 
promotion, interpretation, and dissemination of strategic and innovative ideas aimed at improving the 
status quo. 
Vision 
Youth empowerment for immediate transformation of our society 

Aim & Objectives 
 
To create awareness and meaningful engagement among young people and local communities 
of available youth development opportunities. 
To promote humanitarian culture among the youths 
Encourage youth participation in development activities in our local society  
To support young people to compete with International standard in education and professional 
career competence  
To provide youth with informal learning tools across under-privileged communities 
To protect and promote documentation of our culture and heritage which are currently 
endangered 

Activities of focused tracks 
1. Special Care for Orphans and Widows 
2. Community Health Care programs 
3. Quality Educational for the gifted and less privilege 
4. Skill Acquisition programs 
5. Professional Career Adviser 
6. Educational consultation services 
7. Humanitarian Projects 
8. Peace Ambassadors 
9. Progressive Planning for Society 
10. Youth Career Training & Engagement 
11. Environmental Protection & Sanitation 
12. Science Technology Engineering & Mathematic (STEM) Camp for teens (Girls) 
13. Computer Training Programs 
14. Cultural Heritage Preservation & Development  
Operational Model 
Engage in training and advocacy program while seeking the support and collaboration with key National 
and International agencies to execute projects that address the most pressing problem in the society. 
Additional features include provision of a dynamic and Informative website with Career development 
opportunity like blog for Scholarships, Fellowships, Paid training, Internships, Jobs etc. 
Sustainability Plan 
Become familiar with the core procedures of getting funded projects and grants. Publish and keep full 
record of the impacted individuals and ensure that every targeted goal is accomplished in due time with 
encouraging results. 
Conclusion 
The foundation is determined to expose young stars to the various career opportunities to ease the 
educational and professional development journey while strengthening their leadership skills for the 
development of the world around them.